com/medical/demo/DemoApplication.java
 com.medical.demo.DemoApplication
com/medical/demo/model/ERole.java
 com.medical.demo.model.ERole
com/medical/demo/security/AuthTokenFilter.java
 com.medical.demo.security.AuthTokenFilter
com/medical/demo/model/Entry.java
 com.medical.demo.model.Entry
 com.medical.demo.model.Entry$EntryBuilder
com/medical/demo/controller/ChatController.java
 com.medical.demo.controller.ChatController
com/medical/demo/security/dto/JwtResponse.java
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.JwtResponse
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.JwtResponse$JwtResponseBuilder
com/medical/demo/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.medical.demo.security.WebSecurityConfig
 com.medical.demo.security.WebSecurityConfig$1
com/medical/demo/repository/ChatRepository.java
 com.medical.demo.repository.ChatRepository
com/medical/demo/model/mapper/StatusMapper.java
 com.medical.demo.model.mapper.StatusMapper
com/medical/demo/service/StatusService.java
 com.medical.demo.service.StatusService
com/medical/demo/dtos/EntryDTO.java
 com.medical.demo.dtos.EntryDTO
 com.medical.demo.dtos.EntryDTO$EntryDTOBuilder
com/medical/demo/security/dto/LoginRequest.java
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.LoginRequest
com/medical/demo/security/AuthEntryPointJwt.java
 com.medical.demo.security.AuthEntryPointJwt
com/medical/demo/security/dto/SignupRequest.java
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.SignupRequest
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.SignupRequest$SignupRequestBuilder
com/medical/demo/security/AuthController.java
 com.medical.demo.security.AuthController
com/medical/demo/dtos/UserDTO.java
 com.medical.demo.dtos.UserDTO
 com.medical.demo.dtos.UserDTO$UserDTOBuilder
com/medical/demo/repository/StatusRepository.java
 com.medical.demo.repository.StatusRepository
com/medical/demo/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.medical.demo.repository.RoleRepository
com/medical/demo/security/AuthService.java
 com.medical.demo.security.AuthService
com/medical/demo/model/mapper/EntryMapper.java
 com.medical.demo.model.mapper.EntryMapper
com/medical/demo/UrlMapping.java
 com.medical.demo.UrlMapping
com/medical/demo/model/Role.java
 com.medical.demo.model.Role
 com.medical.demo.model.Role$RoleBuilder
com/medical/demo/model/User.java
 com.medical.demo.model.User
 com.medical.demo.model.User$UserBuilder
com/medical/demo/security/dto/MessageResponse.java
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.MessageResponse
 com.medical.demo.security.dto.MessageResponse$MessageResponseBuilder
com/medical/demo/model/Message.java
 com.medical.demo.model.Message
 com.medical.demo.model.Message$MessageBuilder
com/medical/demo/model/Chat.java
 com.medical.demo.model.Chat
com/medical/demo/controller/StatusController.java
 com.medical.demo.controller.StatusController
com/medical/demo/repository/EntryRepository.java
 com.medical.demo.repository.EntryRepository
com/medical/demo/model/UserDetailsServiceImpl.java
 com.medical.demo.model.UserDetailsServiceImpl
com/medical/demo/dtos/StatusDTO.java
 com.medical.demo.dtos.StatusDTO
com/medical/demo/security/JwtUtils.java
 com.medical.demo.security.JwtUtils
com/medical/demo/websocket/WebSocketConfig.java
 com.medical.demo.websocket.WebSocketConfig
com/medical/demo/model/Status.java
 com.medical.demo.model.Status
 com.medical.demo.model.Status$StatusBuilder
com/medical/demo/repository/UserRepository.java
 com.medical.demo.repository.UserRepository
com/medical/demo/model/mapper/UserMapper.java
 com.medical.demo.model.mapper.UserMapper
com/medical/demo/dtos/UserDetailsImpl.java
 com.medical.demo.dtos.UserDetailsImpl
com/medical/demo/controller/MailController.java
 com.medical.demo.controller.MailController
com/medical/demo/controller/UserController.java
 com.medical.demo.controller.UserController
com/medical/demo/service/UserService.java
 com.medical.demo.service.UserService
com/medical/demo/controller/EntryController.java
 com.medical.demo.controller.EntryController
com/medical/demo/service/EntryService.java
 com.medical.demo.service.EntryService
com/medical/demo/service/EmailService.java
 com.medical.demo.service.EmailService
com/medical/demo/Bootstrapper.java
 com.medical.demo.Bootstrapper
